Update manage-data-organizations.md (#12510)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/whiteboard/manage-data-organizations.md

1. Open office.com and in the app launcher, select **OneDrive**. 
2. In the left-hand navigation pane, select **My Files**. 
3. Open the folder named **Whiteboards**. 
4. In the list of files, select the moved file and select the **...** button to get rename, delete, and other options.

### Auditing

> Whiteboard files stored in ODB are included in file audit log activities for create, modify, share and delete activities. Learn more about file activities at [Audit log activities - Microsoft Purview](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/audit-log-activities?view=o365-worldwide#file-and-page-activities).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whiteboard files stored in OneDrive for Business are included in file audit log activities for create, modify, share, and delete activities. For more information about audit log file activities, see [Audit log activities - Microsoft Purview](/microsoft-365/compliance/audit-log-activities#file-and-page-activities).
```
